App Academy Rules

Course morale is important, and a set of rules and norms is part of what makes
App Academy successful. To create this culture, App Academy has a few simple
rules.

Sole Arbiters of Course Rules

App Academy is the sole arbiter of the course rules. We reserve the right to add
or remove rules at any time, and apply them as we see fit. The purpose of this
clause is to enable flexibility with regards to the course rules.

Forfeiture of Deposit

You forfeit your deposit if dismissed for a rules violation.

App Academy is Full-Time

App Academy is an in-person, full-time program. You must not hold either a full
or part-time job during the course, even if it appears not to conflict with
course hours. There will be work to do in the evenings, too. Holding a job
during the course is grounds for dismissal.  We know this can be financially
difficult, but it is the only way the program operates. Twelve weeks is a short
amount of time to enter a new career and will require 100% of your concentration
and energy during that period.

Strikes

Many of our course rules are enforced through a system of strikes. As detailed
below, you can earn strikes for attendance violations, failure to file a
progress report, and failure to comply with course rules or staff instructions.
Students who accrue 10 strikes will be dismissed from the course and will
forfeit their deposit.

Attendance And Tardiness

Daily, on-time attendance is essential for students to be successful in the
course. Additionally, since students work in pairs, if a student misses class or
is late, then their pair doesn't have a partner to work with. The day is divided
into three periods: the morning (9AM-12PM), the afternoon (1:15PM-4PM), and the
evening (4:15PM-6PM). Missing any portion of any of these periods (whether
through lateness, early departure, or total absence) will result in a strike.
Morning roll will be called at 9AM. Afternoon roll will be called after lunch
(typically at 1:15PM) and after break (typically at 4:15PM). If a student is not
present at any roll call, or if a student leaves before break is called, they
will be marked as missing a third-day and assigned a strike. We are unable to
make any distinction between tardiness and absence.

There are no excused/unexcused absences; an absence for whatever reason, no
matter how justified, reduces the amount of class time by the same amount. App
Academy is not able to excuse pre-arranged absences. Students who come to class
consistently and on-time will have more than enough extra strikes to take off
the time they need.

We do however need to know when people will be late or absent. Therefore, if a
student will be late or absent, they must email us before roll call
(instructors-sf@appacademy.io or instructors-ny@appacademy.io). Similarly, a
student needing to leave early must notify the instructional staff of their
early departure. If we do not receive such notice, the student might be docked
two strikes instead of one.

Classroom Environment

Maintaining a focused classroom environment is important for everyone. Students
are required to be focused and working at all times during course hours. In
particular, use of cell phones and tablets is never allowed during course hours;
these devices must be kept out of sight. The use of laptops, excepting solo
days, is not allowed, as it detracts from the pairing experience. Non-course use
of email, or any use of Facebook and Twitter during the day is not allowed.
These are only examples; any non-course work is not allowed.  Cell phones,
tablets, and laptops are not allowed during lecture. Sleeping during lecture is
disrespectful, unacceptable, and not permitted.  Students must always be seated
in their pods while working. Students may not work from the TA desks or seated
anywhere else.  In order to maintain a focused classroom environment, we will
assign a student a strike for breaking these rules.

Reporting

For every day of class, you must write a progress report. This report should
detail the concepts that you learned that day. Reports are filed through the
Progress Tracker.

Progress reports are a very important component of the class. Summarizing what
you have learned will help solidify knowledge as well as give us feedback which
will make the course better for you and other students. These reports will help
in the hiring process: you will have a detailed record of what you have learned
and how quickly you have learned it to show employers.  Failure to complete a
Progress report will result in a strike.

Et Cetera

This is not a comprehensive list of rules. You may receive additional
instructions from staff regarding staying on task, or showing respect to peers
and staff. It is important to follow these additional instructions. If you are
instructed to do something, you will be expected to follow through, and could be
assigned a strike otherwise.

Zero Tolerance for Harassment

App Academy is a respectful and welcoming environment for all. We have a
zero-tolerance policy toward discrimination and all forms of harassment,
including but not limited to discrimination based on gender, sexual orientation,
race, or religious affiliation. Violation of this policy is grounds for
dismissal from the course.

Weekly Assessments

We give weekly assessments to students so that they have feedback
on how they are doing. Assessments are also meant to keep students from falling
behind by letting them know when they are in trouble.  Assessments are very
important; students are required to pass them. Students who fail an assessment
will need to make up the work to keep up with the rest of the class. Students
who fail two assessments will be asked to leave the program.  Students who cheat
on an assessment or aid in the cheating of others will be dismissed.

App Academy Intellectual Property

App Academy grants students access to its curriculum and other proprietary
materials for personal training. Any unauthorized use of the curriculum is
liable for prosecution under the fullest extent of California and Federal Law.
