# Job Placement Fee

This agreement is between App Academy ("us") and the Applicant ("you")
and sets out the rights and obligations concerning the job placement
fee at App Academy.

You will owe App Academy a job placement fee under any of the
following six circumstances:

## I. You hold a job at >$60,000/yr

If you hold a job within the "Eligible Period":

- either with a company in the technology field or
- in a technology role at a company in any field,

- AND you receive pre-tax, total compensation of $60,000 or more,

you shall owe App Academy 18% of your
first year, pre-tax, total compensation (including bonuses, equity and
options) as a job placement fee.

You agree to give App Academy a copy of your appointment letter and
your first pay stub so that we can verify your pre-tax, total
compensation.

The "ELIGIBLE PERIOD" runs from the beginning of your App Academy
cycle through 365 days after the program cycle ends.

## II. You work on developing a business rather than hold a job

If during the Eligible Period you either

- work on creating, developing, or incorporating a business, company,
  or other entity, for yourself or with others,
- OR own 10% (vested or unvested) or more of the outstanding shares of
  a company,
- OR are granted 10% or more of the outstanding shares of a company,
  vesting over any period,
- OR own options (vested or otherwise) to purchase 10% or more of the
  outstanding shares of a company,

you shall owe App Academy $18,000 as a job
placement fee.

This provision is necessary because, if you take our program and then
do not find or accept employment but rather work to start a company
for yourself or with others, you will have taken the place of another
attendee of the program who would have accepted a job.

## III. You earn >$30,000 after App Academy

If during the Eligible Period you earned more than $30,000 but not
more than $40,000 in income for any technology-related work other than
as an employee (for example as a contractor or consultant), you will
owe App Academy $10,000 as a job placement
fee.

## IV. You earn >$40,000 after App Academy

If during the Eligible Period you earned more than $40,000 in income
for any technology-related work other than as an employee (for example
as a contractor or consultant), you will owe App Academy $13,000 as a job placement fee.

## V. You earn >$50,000 after App Academy

If during the Eligible Period you earned more than $50,000 in income
for any technology-related work other than as an employee (for example
as a contractor or consultant), you will owe App Academy $16,000 as a job placement fee.

## VI. You earn >$60,000 after App Academy

If during the Eligible Period you earned more than $60,000 in income
for any technology-related work other than as an employee (for example
as a contractor or consultant), you will owe App Academy $18,000 as a job placement fee.

### Informing App Academy of Your Employment Status

You shall inform App Academy in writing within 14 days of either
accepting a job; beginning work on developing a business; or earning
money under any of the six circumstances listed above. If for any
reason you fail to inform App Academy of these developments within
that time, you shall owe App Academy $200 per day until you do inform
App Academy.

This requirement is necessary because App Academy, in order to remain
cost efficient and continue to offer the program without charging any
tuition, does not have a large office staff. Therefore App Academy has
to rely upon the good faith of its attendees and alumni to notify it
when they accept employment or otherwise qualify for job placement fee
payments.

### Payment

You do not have to pay all your job placement fee at one time. Your
payments shall begin no later than 14 days after (1) you accept
employment, (2) you create a corporation, or (3) you earn income under
one of the six circumstances listed above.

Your first payment shall equal 25% of the total placement fee due. You
shall pay, on the first day of each month thereafter, 12.50% of the
total job placement fee due until your placement fee obligation is
satisfied.

Your program deposit balance shall be applied toward any job placement
fee obligation you have to App Academy.

### Statement

If, at the end of the Eligible Period, you have not notified App
Academy that you have accepted a job, worked to develop a business, or
earned money under one of the six circumstances listed above, you
shall either (1) provide such notification within 14 calendar days or
(2) submit to App Academy the statement attached hereto (Affirmation
Regarding Employment"). If you fail to provide such notification or
statement to App Academy within the 14 days, you shall owe App Academy
a fee of $18,000, due immediately.

App Academy reserves the right to require the applicant to submit any
information reasonably related to your employment or income status
including, but not limited to, W-2 statements and income tax returns.

### Late Fees

Starting on the date your first job placement fee payment comes due
and subsequently every 30 days thereafter, you will be assessed a 5%
late-payment penalty on any due but unpaid balance. These penalties
compound.

### Citizen or Permanent Resident of US

You affirm that you are either a (1) US Citizen or (2) Permanent Resident of
the US. If this is not true, you shall owe App Academy a fee of
$18,000, due immediately.

## Attorneys' Fees

The prevailing party shall have the right to collect from the other
party its reasonable costs and necessary disbursements and attorneys'
fees incurred in enforcing this Agreement.

### Governing Law; Jurisdiction

(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA WITHOUT
REFERENCE TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. THE APPLICANT AND APP ACADEMY
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMIT, FOR THEMSELVES TO THE
NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY, AND THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE
NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY
THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT
ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD
AND DETERMINED IN SUCH CALIFORNIA STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE
PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR
PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER
JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED
BY LAW. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN
ANY SUCH COURT.

(c) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE APPLICANT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT HE/SHE MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).

    Print Name: _______________________________

    Address:    _______________________________

                _______________________________

    Social Security Number:

                _______________________________

    Signature:  _______________________________

    Date:       _______________________________


    HASH MAP LABS:

                _______________________________
    (by and on behalf of App Academy)

    Date:       _______________________________
