PROGRAM WAIVER AND RELEASE

I, _____________________________, a Participant in the
above-referenced Program, knowingly and voluntarily agree to assume
any and all risks and liabilities associated with participation in
this Program. In exchange for being permitted to participate in the
Program, I agree to the following:

I, voluntarily and without reservation, and realizing the full legal
significance of my action, hereby waive and release, on behalf of
myself, my agents, my heirs and my estate, all claims and liabilities
of whatever nature against the App Academy and Hash Map Labs, Inc.,
and their representatives, directors, officers, employees, agents,
successors and/or assigns, including, but not limited to, claims of
any injury (including death), loss, damage, accident arising from any
act or omission of any entity or individual, or for any other cause
whatsoever arising out of, resulting from or in connection with the
above referenced Program. Further, I accept responsibility for any
injury (including, but not limited to personal, injury, disability,
dismemberment and death), illness, damage, loss, claim, liability or
expense, of any kind or nature, that I or my property may suffer, and
agree to forever release the App Academy and Hash Map Labs, Inc., and
their representatives, directors, officers, agents, successors and/or
assigns, from any liability arising from any such risks.

I fully and voluntarily assume all risks and liability associated with
any participation in the Program including, without limitation, the
risk of any negligence or recklessness or failure to act, by other
participants or others, and the risk of injury caused by the condition
of any property, facilities or equipment used during the Program and I
agree to waive and forever release, on behalf of myself, my heirs, my
successors and/or assigns and my estate, any claim against the App
Academy and Hash Map Labs, Inc., and their representatives, directors,
officers, agents, successors and/or assigns alleged to be caused by
such negligent or reckless actions, or failure to act, or the
condition of any property, facilities or equipment used during the
Program.  I agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the App
Academy and Hash Map Labs, Inc., and their representatives, directors,
officers, agents, successors and/or assigns, for any and all losses,
damages, expenses, claims, suits or judgments and liabilities
(including any and all costs and expenses, but not limited to
reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements if assessed by a court of
competent jurisdiction) of any nature arising out of, or in
consequence of, my acts, words, conduct, etc. in connection with the
Program including, but not limited to, damage to property, any
injuries or death sustained by any person(s).

This Waiver is a legally binding agreement and will be construed
broadly to provide a release and waiver to the maximum extent
permissible under applicable law. Any provisions found to be void or
unenforceable shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provisions.

I have read this document and I understand its content. I have
voluntarily signed this Waiver and Release.

    ______________________________
    (Signature of Participant)

    ______________________________
    (Print Name of Participant)

    __________
    (Date)
